It's very complicated to make the right
I still follow the newspaper as it crosses the street
against the flamengo team
right
two minutes later until 5 now
the Flemish have a front
I and the kleber put up received everything celebrated a part of the game changed
I'll take very clear of how if a judge gives a penalty
caracas equal to the maximum authority for the
the kleber
strong and consistent does not give up the plays was a penalty and the player
gave a cart of zokora to the ball and have been beaten and alcohol
for the path that takes into account
on the other side of the palm trees
not collective
my expectation
everything changed
Saint Vincent
will open in rio de janeiro
although the Gaucho team all the time with me
now the attempt to escape in the left leg to the Senate with approval
admission is free
121 min
tripodi inside the palm trees all
we never give up ever
the squad all the boys stuff with it a blue hole production
maybe he wants to go through this
in the rio grande do sul everything or nothing
the cheerleader
at the request of the Martinez Palm Team
the deflected ball left the car and hit the goal was caught by the fawn luciano
not fleeing from martinez crossing kardec embrace it
I was going back to the team in the game.
All of our thigh twists
Let me warn you.
bolt last white harbor club ac
liedson
new leonardo moura right that on the left the obina
the PV position is good
at the crossroads
now yes in play comes in the time that the doubted kléberson worked with the sea of
Flemish chose to stay with the ball and not only in terms of the contract here
liedson
other operation the reasoning of the accused
three points
three offenses
4 for the Flemish 2 for the palm trees
I'm an artist who is doing this pairing.
pietrobon
according to the investigation the defense of the policeman was not of the barueri that lost
all
Luciano Fabio
Julio to make the cut
and tries to pull the ball-and-ball counterattack
ibson room
reproduction
and faces the marking of the saint
sometimes by the dash coming up favio luciano the flamengo well check
cross on the head of the clergy are
right on the sea
What we believe in these hours we grow in the world
at the end of june
unsuccessfully
bush